That's right, it's definitely not a legend
I know, I'm afraid to open this treasure door
Is to be completely subdued
Blessing in God, Chaos in God, that's right
Although you are powerful
It can make all living beings drink small
But still repelled
Can't completely open Chaos God
That's why the treasure doors open and close
Beyon
Only you and I are the strongest among the people present
You and I work together and can receive
Open the Sword King Treasure in the water
If you agree to join forces with me
I approve of your lover's consecration
I just said that Qin Yuan is a noble and clean witch
Now you're swimming again
Are you shameless?
What do you know?
Shushan Sword Emperor Treasure
It is the source of the dispute between the two sects of my Shushan Sword Qi
It is also the source of the dispute between good and evil
Who can overcome this chaos?
Open the door to the treasure
Become the master of the world